Individual.md, before:


# Justin

1. Since the platform being created is going to be done online with a rotating selection of products, it is inherently a project that is updated constantly. It should be done through Agile. Given that there are multiple teams that are involved in this process, each team should prioritize their strengths.

2. While this project is done entirely online, there are actually not as many things that need to be updated from week to week. The owner already has a clear outline of what they need now and what they expect in the future, so a plan can be built around that. This can be done through waterfall SDLC.

3. This can be done with the iterative process. There are so many specifications that even if everything is well documented and organized, there will still be mistakes that can be identified and refined by providing the customer to navigate the platform and make their own determination as to what along the process must be redone. 

4. This can be done with the iterative process. There are so many specifications that even if everything is well documented and organized, there will still be mistakes that can be identified and refined by providing the customer to navigate the platform and make their own determination as to what along the process must be redone. 

5. given that the project has defined proprietary hardware and embedded systems, this would require the waterfall method. There are very few opportunities to release live updates in the future in the event that things need to be changed, so it should be our teams intention to release the product once. 

6. This would require the iterative process. While the educators can easily provide us with what games they want us to produce, it wont be without their feedback that we can refine it to the point that they are receiving what they hope for. As we reach the end phase of a product their feedback will allowus to return later down the line a product that is not only fun, but meeting the requirements they deem necessary.

7. This one is hard to say. I would pitch agile, only because of the text that states "you can receive further grants if it can *demonstrate* significant positive impact". This leads me to believe that while our core product is already deemed successful enough to get the investment of grant money, there is still room to find other ways to innovate in the future. We do not have any targets to aim for at this time, so we can keep the restrictions of scope open until we make further progress.


# Caeden Statia

1. We should use an Agile approach to develop the website. Implementation and configuration can be used to re-purpose the Java template interpreter, while an iterative Agile lifecycle can be used for the rest of the website as needed. Software updates can be deployed quick and easily through cloud infrastructure.

2. The requirements for the clinic website are simple enough that we should once again use an interative lifecycle. There is no safety or security-critical components that require significant design and requirement documentation ahead of time to consider a waterfall approach.

3. Considering the financial and medical implications of a failed nuclear power plant, this is a project that should be done right the first time. Thus, we should use a waterfall approach to ensure that our nuclear power plant software is safe, dependable, and secure.

4. The specifications and requirements are already laid out by the Department of Transportation, and our company already has experienced staff who has worked in similar software. Thus, we can get away with using an Agile approach to speed up our development times, referring to the DoT's specifications as much as possible while making efficient use of our staff.

5. Given the context of our company, we may already be familiar with the Waterfall method to develop embedded systems. Considering we are likely goign to use embedded or proprietary hardware, we should keep to what is known and continue to use the Waterfall lifecycle.

6. Our team is small enough, and requirements evolving enough, that it makes the most sense to use an Agile approach such as scrum. We need to be able to develop our games with requirements that change on a dime, and be able to quickly deliver our games to our customers.

7. 


# Shivangi Mittal

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 
# Gerson Jimenez

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 
# Yasin Maow

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7.

Commit message:

Individual answer for project 7
We have the team to go with Agile, *but*....

Individual.md, after:


# Justin

1. Since the platform being created is going to be done online with a rotating selection of products, it is inherently a project that is updated constantly. It should be done through Agile. Given that there are multiple teams that are involved in this process, each team should prioritize their strengths.

2. While this project is done entirely online, there are actually not as many things that need to be updated from week to week. The owner already has a clear outline of what they need now and what they expect in the future, so a plan can be built around that. This can be done through waterfall SDLC.

3. This can be done with the iterative process. There are so many specifications that even if everything is well documented and organized, there will still be mistakes that can be identified and refined by providing the customer to navigate the platform and make their own determination as to what along the process must be redone. 

4. This can be done with the iterative process. There are so many specifications that even if everything is well documented and organized, there will still be mistakes that can be identified and refined by providing the customer to navigate the platform and make their own determination as to what along the process must be redone. 

5. given that the project has defined proprietary hardware and embedded systems, this would require the waterfall method. There are very few opportunities to release live updates in the future in the event that things need to be changed, so it should be our teams intention to release the product once. 

6. This would require the iterative process. While the educators can easily provide us with what games they want us to produce, it wont be without their feedback that we can refine it to the point that they are receiving what they hope for. As we reach the end phase of a product their feedback will allowus to return later down the line a product that is not only fun, but meeting the requirements they deem necessary.

7. This one is hard to say. I would pitch agile, only because of the text that states "you can receive further grants if it can *demonstrate* significant positive impact". This leads me to believe that while our core product is already deemed successful enough to get the investment of grant money, there is still room to find other ways to innovate in the future. We do not have any targets to aim for at this time, so we can keep the restrictions of scope open until we make further progress.


# Caeden Statia

1. We should use an Agile approach to develop the website. Implementation and configuration can be used to re-purpose the Java template interpreter, while an iterative Agile lifecycle can be used for the rest of the website as needed. Software updates can be deployed quick and easily through cloud infrastructure.

2. The requirements for the clinic website are simple enough that we should once again use an interative lifecycle. There is no safety or security-critical components that require significant design and requirement documentation ahead of time to consider a waterfall approach.

3. Considering the financial and medical implications of a failed nuclear power plant, this is a project that should be done right the first time. Thus, we should use a waterfall approach to ensure that our nuclear power plant software is safe, dependable, and secure.

4. The specifications and requirements are already laid out by the Department of Transportation, and our company already has experienced staff who has worked in similar software. Thus, we can get away with using an Agile approach to speed up our development times, referring to the DoT's specifications as much as possible while making efficient use of our staff.

5. Given the context of our company, we may already be familiar with the Waterfall method to develop embedded systems. Considering we are likely goign to use embedded or proprietary hardware, we should keep to what is known and continue to use the Waterfall lifecycle.

6. Our team is small enough, and requirements evolving enough, that it makes the most sense to use an Agile approach such as scrum. We need to be able to develop our games with requirements that change on a dime, and be able to quickly deliver our games to our customers.

7. Considering the vast amounts of legal implications of working with health, it would be best to be safe and use a waterfall approach despite the small size of our team.


# Shivangi Mittal

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 
# Gerson Jimenez

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 
# Yasin Maow

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7.
